### Refinement

q-1 : how many type of users are there in the system ?
ans: Regular, standard and landmark user. 

* regular user (part of certain asset group)
    - access to single asset group what do i see here in lessee and leassor widget?
    - Not every one have this widget, we don't care non-assigened asset here.
    - security: permission & previledge to view this widget. 
    - refer: to this (ticket)[statics.teams.cdn.office.net/evergreen-assets/safelinks/2/atp-safelinks.html]
    - refer this important: [roles permission](https://ametekinc.sharepoint.com/:x:/r/sites/SkyBitzE/_layouts/15/doc2.aspx?sourcedoc=%7B8c643639-655a-4901-8c8e-0027e52c0faf%7D&action=edit&wdinitialsession=82fa5225-3617-c646-31ec-8344430a97f2&wdrldsc=15&wdrldc=1&wdrldr=RefreshingExpiredAccessToken&ovuser=31a88536-e2ab-44b5-837e-5110158247ab%2CJay.Bhavsar%40ametek.com&clickparams=eyJBcHBOYW1lIjoiVGVhbXMtRGVza3RvcCIsIkFwcFZlcnNpb24iOiIxNDE1LzI2MDIwMTAxMTIwIn0%3D)
    - refer to this ticket: 

landmark user access to landmark group they won't see this widget. 
permission base user model we are going to do. 
How far the user team on UI ? -> we don't have something working for now, currently w-in-p. 

flip the login screen , once we have leasing asset group and users. 
- what can i see, do and access structure 
- install reports, 
- varsa: login screen will be same or we are using current login page?
  Ans: endpoint is always same, common login model might be good place to start redirection in management. 
  there is a ticket to flushout the full migration plan to answer all questions.  
  Next-Gen is role and permission base no mapping will be there. 
  sheet iw working in progress for roles (w-i-progres)
- who see this widget. user must have view asset group previleg. roles with previlege group will work forgot the regular/standard user.  get your head out of it.
- after imgrations educate the customers about this terminology? ans : yes
- lamda squade, landmark, notification (data transformation/gamma/front-fork team) is going to do it. 
- unit doesn't know leasing. 
- access control is in the play who can see the widget or not.
- internal endpoint will have limited change 
- what should be at the top? 
- permission integration ticket
- leasing has less impact then asset group for sub-account. sub-account , leasing feature is comping from the back-office. 
  


### Go through the tickets of the spring to make a big picture. 
